You are beautiful.
But you can call me Vanya.
And this is my best friend...
I heard you speak Russian. right?
What do you mean?
Hello. Ivan.
My name is Ani.
This is how I speak Russian.
Do you still want me
to speak Russian?
Fuck yeah!
May I switch to Russian?
And that's why I think we should toast
to our fucking bad accents
with a bottle.
You work in a cool place.
This is not allowed.
But I like you.
Here's to having a hard dick
and lots of money.
I want to ask.
Do you work outside the club?
Want something to drink?
Where's the fucking water?
Fuck. Is it so difficult?
Sorry.
Yes! Sounds fucking amazing!
How old are you? 25?
You act like you are 25.
I do have some cool ideas for apps...
Long story short...
my dad is Nikolai Zakharov.
This is genius.
Little bonus because you're the best.
Let's go!
By the way.
I'm having a party.
And you have to come.
Fuck.
Why don't you shoot?
Very nice to meet you.
That's the escort that's fucking Ivan.
- No way!
- I'm telling you!
- She's pretty good. yeah?
- Totally!
Tell me if you see those Armenians.
I don't see anyone.
By the way. you can't find
blow like this in Moscow.
I wanted to ask...
Are you available tonight?
The fuck? Maybe?
And what?
Ivan. we're leaving. You good?
Dude. What the fuck. I'm busy!
These fucking guys don't know
their place.
Well then. good evening.
Wait. are you leaving?
I want to make an offer.
Would you want to be
exclusive with me?
Simply be my girlfriend for the week.
Well. if I were you.
I wouldn't do it for less
than thirty.
Goodbye.
To the most amazing chick.
Fuck.
Klara. maybe you want a hit?
Sorry. Ivan. Not today.
What?
Nothing. just keep working.
What are you doing? Don't do that.
Guys.
the best ketamine I ever tried
was in Vegas!
Thank you.
Shit. I'm nervous. I'll say it in Russian.
I think
we would have a great time
even if I didn't have money.
This is impossible!
These are just
rumors.
I was with him two weeks ago.
He isn't married.
With all due respect.
Galina Stepanovna.
These are just rumors.
No... but I'm heading there now.
Take this. Grab the Russian
and get over there.
What did he do now?
Just answer it or shut it off.
This is good news. right?
Parents usually want
their kids to get married.
Yeah.
but my parents are dicks.
you know.
No matter what.
I hope they like me...
when we meet.
By the way.
when will we meet your parents?
Well. if you want
to go to Miami...
My mom lives there with her man.
And you can meet
my sister anytime.
Although I'm sure
she'll try to steal you.
She loves Russian guys.
No. your Russian is wonderful! Really.
Every single day
you're doing better and better.
You're almost like
a native speaker.
I'm playing. I have a mission.
Give me the controller.
I lost!
"Arguments and Facts"
ran a photo of him with
some chick
at an NBA game.
And they are saying
she's a prostitute.
It's not funny. man.
Don't you dare laugh.
If it's true.
Toros and I are fucked.
Well. Toros would be fucked
more than me. but still.
Sounds like tabloid bullshit.
Probably.
But listen. if things get crazy.
don't get rough with Ivan.
Actually. don't even touch Ivan.
let me deal with him.
I got you. But what
do you need me for then?
In case his boys are there
and they want to play games.
Drive in and park on the right side.
Right here.
Yo. what do you want?
Ivan. it's Garnik.
I know. What do you want?
Ivan. open the door. please.
- I'm busy. No.
- We have to talk.
Why do I always have
to repeat myself with you?
I'm busy. I have guests.
Ivan. it's important.
We have to talk.
No. we're done.
Get the fuck out of here.
Son of a bitch.
Are you fucking kidding me?
What the fuck are you doing? You think
you can enter my house like this?
Slow down. you'll break my leg.
I don't give a fuck.
Ivan. your father sent us.
Right. my father sent you.
Are you kidding me?
Well. not us. Your father sent
Toros and Toros sent us.
So. where's Toros?
He's busy.
But he will be very upset
with you if this is true.
If what is true?
That you got married
to some prostitute.
Is that her?
- Are you married to her?
- Yes!
Did you lose your fucking mind?
Yes. we married
and we're doing fucking great!
With a signature and paperwork?
Yes. Now get the fuck out
of my house.
You're in big trouble. brother!
You'll be in trouble if
you don't move your fucking leg.
We'll wait. I need to see
the marriage license.
Fuck. Are you serious?
Bro. the faster we do it.
the faster we're out of here.
My parents are fucking crazy!
If my parents need proof.
I'll give them proof.
Wait here.
Here. Choke on it. dude.
What are you doing?
I've been asked to take a photo
of the license... if it exists.
That's insane.
My parents asked for that?
Toros.
Are you fucking kidding me?
- It's over. go. go. go. go...
- Wait.
Wait.
Me and my wife need some privacy.
You look tired. Garnik. go home.
We need to wait to see
what Toros says.
I'm waiting for you
and your fucking Armenian ass
to be out of my house.
I'm waiting for you to be on
your fucking way. Bye. bro!
It's Toros.
What's the problem?
So apparently. it is true.
Yes.
I've seen the marriage license.
Galina Stepanovna.
please don't worry.
Ivan. with all due respect...
your father sent us.
Fucking Toros sent you!
Toros works for me! I pay him!
And you bring some fucking
gopnik into my home.
I promise.
I will fix everything.
Galina Stepanovna.
Yes. Galina Stepanovna.
I'm having your ass fired!
You're dead for this!
Bitch!
He says we have to stay here.
Move. move...
Move. Thank you.
Wait.
It's Toros.
You're already on speaker.
I don't check in on you
for two weeks
and you go
and marry a prostitute!
Fucking hell!
Do you understand
how shameful this is?
Your mother was crying.
do you hear me?
Fucking faggot.
And guess what?
Guess what. you little shit!
And what? Surprise me!
You really did it this time.
What?
Your parents are on their way!
Your parents are on the way.
Can you hear me?
To where?
Here. Where else? Here!
Coming to pick you up
like a naughty school boy.
you hear me?
We're meeting them
tomorrow at noon.
They're taking you back to Russia.
so start packing.
Ivan. listen to me carefully.
I'll be there in ten minutes.
You and your whore
are coming with me.
Whore?
You said my parents
are on their way to
America?
Toros will be here in ten minutes.
In ten minutes. Toros will be here...
No. no. Let's do this. let's wait for Toros.
Toros will arrive in ten minutes.
Keep her here.
Stop!
Fucking impressive.
If you don't stop...
I will tie you up!
What do you mean?
You wanted me to keep her here
so I'm keeping her here.
Yes. but why
are you tying her up?
But she got fucking crazy.
started jumping all around.
What else could I do?
Igor. what the fuck are you doing. man?
She threw the candlestick at me.
Let's tie her legs.
We are not doing that. let her go!
She will run. bro. I promise.
Where will she run?
We're two grown men here.
Are you out of your mind?
She will run away!
Really?
Get her!
Fuck!
- What the fuck. man!
- She's biting. man.
C'mon. tie her legs.
What? How?
What do you mean how?
Somehow. dude!
With fucking what?
Use anything!
That cord!
What?
Are you fucking kidding. tie her!
I swear to fucking God!
Garnik. you stupid fucking idiot!
Oh fuck.
Damn. it's broken.
I think she broke my nose.
Hold her.
Hold on a minute. Toros. Hold on.
Hold on?
C'mon man. hold on! Fuck.
Garnik. I swear. if you fucked this up...
Garnik! Motherfucker...
I swear...
Here. you donkey fucker.
Don't let her go under any circumstances.
What were you doing?
Why did you let him leave?
What? He told me not to touch the guy
and I was dealing with her.
He doesn't pick up.
Of course he's not going to answer.
- Why is she sitting on you?
- I'm holding her!
I can untie her but you won't get what
you need because she's out of control.
Go grab her phone. please.
I'm telling you to get the fucking phone!
He's flown the coop.
Fucking little piece of shit.
Little bastard.
And you left the baptism
half way because of this guy.
- Tell me about it.
- Oh my God.
Take that ring off her finger.
Take it off.
Why?
Take that fucking ring off!
Careful. bro!
She bites!
Shut her mouth! Somebody
is going to call the police!
- How?
- You got to shut her up!
- How? I need a rag or something!
- Motherfucker!
Time to break this bitch. Let's go.
Careful.
You got their marriage license and passport?
So I'm done?
You're with us
until we find him. Get in.
Can I sit in the front?
Klara. come here.
It's a bit messier
than usual today.
So this is for you.
No questions.
How could I have imagined...
Leave her the fuck alone. man!
Swing by my place
and I will give him something
so he'll stop whining.
- Give him what?
- What he needs.
Just don't eat all at once.
What's up. man?
Tough guy. What do you plan
to do with that?
Break your legs
if you don't get the fuck out.
Fucking smash everything.
It's fucking cold. man. Look at me.
Are you doing this on purpose?
What the fuck. bro.
Is Aleks here? Aleks?
He should be working here.
- The assistant cook?
- Yes.
They know what they're doing. relax.
I can get fired.
Where are you from?
Use Instagram.
I have it. Here.
Excuse me. I'm terribly sorry.
But I need one minute
of your attention.
We are looking for
a missing child. a sick child.
I'm going to show you his photo.
Any information
would be greatly appreciated.
We're the ones fucking paying
and he wants attention?
My apologies.
but the kid is very sick.
Please let us know
if you've seen him.
You didn't see him?
- Give me a cigarette.
- Are you kidding me?
I'm freezing.
and this guy wants cigarettes.
Toros. seriously...
Swear to God!
You are crazy.
I swear on my mother's life...
What the fuck did you just do?
Hurry up. Stay awake. man.
Guys.
anybody see this guy today?
Have you seen Vanya Zakharov?
Guys. see this kid today?
(Armenian)
I hate this bitch so much.
I want to vomit
when I see her face.
Let me ask them.
- Wait. stop.
- Give me a second.
He's probably not lost.
perhaps he is kidnapped.
Yeah sure. kidnapped...
Of course.
What the fuck?
It's better you go back to Yerevan.
Fucking get rid of you.
Do you want to blow us up?
- I'm careful.
- Fuck off!
Get the fuck out of here!
You care about
Ivan more than me.
Start cleaning!
Who's more important?
Ivan or your dying brother?
Fuck Ivan. Fuck that little bitch.
Did you ask about Ivan Zakharov?
- He left me an $800 bill.
- Where is he now?
How should I know?
But somebody has to pay me.
Tell his mom that everything is fine.
he's sitting next to me.
I'm telling you... I can't talk
anymore. I have to go.
Please. I'm begging you. Please stop.
I am ashamed as well.
I'm the godfather of that child.
Of course I'm ashamed.
End of the line.
I just have a question.
Have you seen this kid?
Yeah.
he was here 30 minutes ago.
He was too drunk to enter.
- Do you know where he went?
- Who the fuck knows.
(in Armenian):
What a shitty godfather you are.
Instead of protecting the child.
you just left him.
(in Armenian):
Are you fucking with me?
Maybe he's on a bender.
(in Armenian):
If you're so competent.
why did you let him leave?
How do you say bender?
(in Armenian): Tor. what does
that have to do with competence?
(in Armenian): Fuck this shit.
I didn't sign up for this.
I just want to go home
to Armenia. This sucks.
I'm just saying. man.
I'm not going to talk at all from now on.
Igor. thank you for the pills.
What does faggot-ass bitch mean?
Fucking faggot.
- Go away!
- Why are you being rude?
I'm just asking a question.
I don't give a shit.
Why don't you just hear me out?
We're running around all night and this
fucking guy is here getting his rocks off.
We were looking for you all
night. you fuck! All night!
Are my parents here yet?
We still need to go to the courthouse!
Here we go!
Garnik. do something!
Get in.
Wake up. brother... come out. please.
Do not get a ticket and do not get towed.
Keep your phone on.
Ivan. it's Michael Sharnov.
your father's attorney.
Remember me?
You don't remember
Uncle Michael?
Just holding.
I talked to him
and it's clear
he wants this done.
But does he know
that his son is intoxicated?
He's not intoxicated.
he just woke up.
We can't get it annulled here.
We can file for one
but if you want this now.
you have to go there.
My stomach hurts.
You got a ticket?
You had one job and you get a ticket?
I must have dozed off.
You dozed off!
But I told you not to fall asleep!
- Yeah. but are we done?
- You are an adult.
You are an adult.
I just need to talk with my parents.
Get in.
What happened?
They got married in Vegas.
that's what happened.
What are we going to do now?
This is a never-ending
nightmare...
Once.
this idiot and his friends
decided to swim in Kool-Aid.
Do you know what is it?
It's a juice.
They were stoned
and poured four pounds
of Kool-Aid in the pool.
They destroyed the whole system.
Eighty-seven thousand dollars
in damages.
Hello. Galina Stepanovna.
Where is he?
Nikolai Zakharov. how was your flight?
Face down. ass up.
I have some bad news.
Go on.
- You're not going to be happy.
- I'm already not happy.
What?
What's wrong with you? Look at me.
Are you drunk?
Damn...
Garnik. he's drunk.
Yes. Galina Stepanovna.
he's not sober.
but it's not our fault.
Mom. I got it.
I'm already embarrassed.
- So. you're embarrassed?
- Yes.
So. you're embarrassed?
You made our family
a national disgrace.
Galina Zakharova.
I'm Anora.
It's so wonderful
to finally meet you.
It's such an honor
to be Ivan's wife
and a part
of your beautiful family.
- Is this from the new collection?
- Yes. new collection.
Toros has something to tell you.
Kolya. hang up the phone already!
I want us refueled and
in the air in ten minutes.
Is it necessary to take the
night butterfly with us?
Yes. both parties
must be present.
Ivan. hurry up!
One second.
Where is she?
I don't know. there.
You want to talk about it now?
- Yes.
- Because I don't.
Please show some respect.
I'm hungover.
If we were your age. and if
we had everything we wanted...
Listen. you little shit.
Next week.
you start working.
Understand. little shit?
Why do you need me there?
Maybe it's not the right moment
but I just want to say...
I'm very happy to finally
be able to spend time
with your wonderful family...
Thank you so much
for trusting me and Toros...
Stop it. get out of here.
Are you crazy?
I want to say a couple
of nice things to them.
Better you married a man.
So what if I married a man?
Do you think that can't happen?
Then what kind of freedom
can we talk about?
If I can't
potentially marry a man?
- Galina Stepanovna. I just...
- Listen!
I'm sorry.
I just want to use that moment
- to say thank you...
- Don't interfere!
We are having
a family discussion.
So you think it's normal?
Everything that happened
is normal?
How did you end up in Vegas?
I just bought a ticket and flew
to Vegas! Why can't I do that?
- Who gave you permission?
- Who would forbid me?
You talk about freedom and
then ask why I went to Vegas.
Why can't I just fly to Vegas?
Because you went to study.
Not to party.
drink and get hungover.
Why make a tragedy out of it?
What do you want from me?
Do you want me to apologize?
Just kill me. mom!
What did I do? I just spent
time with an escort.
I just spent a week with her.
So what's the big deal?
Why are you making this
such a big deal?
This isn't our family's
biggest problem.
- Sit!
- It's not
going to be a fucking problem.
I breast-fed you!
You hurt your mother so much!
I gave you everything.
Kolya.
give me your hand. please.
Come here.
This may be out of line
but I think it'd be appropriate
if Ivan apologizes.
Don't pay attention to him.
He is tired.
He also drank on
an empty stomach on the plane.
He helped us all night.
Listen here...
My son won't apologize
to anyone. Is that clear?
Of course.
Let's go.
What are you laughing at?
But. I didn't assault you.
I was trying to calm you down.
so you didn't hurt yourself.
Goodnight.
Subtitling TITRAFILM